Explain how bounties are paid (#1649)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/security/index.md

--------------------------

## How we pay out bounties

When a reported vulnerability is fixed, the security team will decide upon an appropriate bounty, and follow up with the reporter. A simple template response is

> We have fixed the vulnerability you reported in the following PR: $PRLINK
>This fix is included in the following versions of Sourcegraph: $SGVERSION

> >A bounty of $BOUNTYVAL will be awarded. To pay the bounty, we require the following information:

Reviewer: nit: Just to make it crystal clear within the message since a recent reporter asked about it.

```suggestion
>A bounty of $BOUNTYVAL will be awarded. To pay the bounty through PayPal, we require the following information:
```

> When a reported vulnerability is fixed, the security team will decide upon an appropriate bounty, and follow up with the reporter. A simple template response is
> 
> > We have fixed the vulnerability you reported in the following PR: $PRLINK
> >This fix is included in the following versions of Sourcegraph: $SGVERSION
> 
> >A bounty of $BOUNTYVAL will be awarded. To pay the bounty, we require the following information:
> >1. Email or full mobile phone number
> >2. Full name (first and last)
> >3. Country/region of residence
> 
> >You [may/may not] disclose details of this vulnerability publicly 

Reviewer 2: Just to make the language a bit friendlier :)

```suggestion
When a reported vulnerability is fixed, the security team will decide upon an appropriate bounty, and follow up with the reporter. Here is a template you can use:

> Thank you again for your report!
>
> We have fixed the vulnerability you reported in the following PR: $PRLINK
> This fix is included in the following versions of Sourcegraph: $SGVERSION
>
> We are happy to award you a bounty of $BOUNTYVAL for reporting this. Please provide the following information so we can send your payment:
> 1. Email or full mobile phone number that is associated with your [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/) account.
> 2. Full name (first and last)
> 3. Country/region of residence
>
> You [may/may not] disclose details of this vulnerability publicly [until YYYY-MM-DD].
```
